Failed push refs: no master error (#1140)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/platform/getting-started/2000-01-01-troubleshooting-ssh.md

When we tell you to run `git push scalingo master`, we consider you are already

> using Git for your project. This error mean that there is a Git environment but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using Git for your project. This error means that there is a Git environment but
```

> no *commit* (Git name for 'version') has been done on the *master* branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no *commit* (Git name for 'version') has been done on the `master` branch.
```

### Solving the problem

> You need to make a first commit on the *master* branch to your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to make a first commit on the `master` branch of your project:
```

```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "initial commit"
$ git push scalingo master
```

> If the branch named "master" is not existing (sometime default branch is called "main") you need to create one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the branch named `master` does not exist (default branch may be named `main`) you need to create one:

```

```bash

> git branch master
> git checkout master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git checkout -b master
```
